Document LeadGetCurrentEvent for skipping last active logging (#483)
mautic/developer-documentation-new: docs/plugin_extensions/contacts.rst

      }
  }

> Skipping last active logging

Author: New `skipContactLastActiveLogged()` and `isSkipContactLastActiveLogged()` methods added to `LeadGetCurrentEvent` class in `app/bundles/LeadBundle/Event/LeadGetCurrentEvent.php`. The `ContactTracker` checks `isSkipContactLastActiveLogged()` and skips the last active update when true.

Source: https://github.com/mautic/mautic/pull/16080

============================

> When Mautic tracks a Contact, it automatically updates the Contact's 'last active' timestamp. Sometimes you want to prevent this update, for example, when automated processes access pages or when tracking pixel loads shouldn't count as real User activity.

Reviewer: I think we can reword this for clarity.

```suggestion
When Mautic tracks a Contact, it automatically updates the Contact's 'last active' timestamp. You may want to prevent this update in several scenarios, such as when automated processes access pages or when you don't want tracking pixel loads to count as real User activity.
```

@promptless-for-oss please address the suggestions

> When Mautic tracks a Contact, it automatically updates the Contact's 'last active' timestamp. Sometimes you'll want to prevent this update - for example, when automated processes access pages or when tracking pixel loads shouldn't count as real user activity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Mautic tracks a Contact, it automatically updates the Contact's 'last active' timestamp. Sometimes you want to prevent this update, for example, when automated processes access pages or when tracking pixel loads shouldn't count as real User activity.
```

> To skip the last active logging, subscribe to the ``LeadGetCurrentEvent`` and call ``skipContactLastActiveLogged()`` when your conditions are met.

Reviewer: Use active instead of passive voice. See "are met".

  <?php
  // plugins/HelloWorldBundle/EventListener/ContactTrackingSubscriber.php

  declare(strict_types=1);

  namespace MauticPlugin\HelloWorldBundle\EventListener;

  use Mautic\LeadBundle\Event\LeadGetCurrentEvent;
  use Symfony\Component\EventDispatcher\EventSubscriberInterface;

  final class ContactTrackingSubscriber implements EventSubscriberInterface
  {
      public static function getSubscribedEvents(): array
      {
          return [
              LeadGetCurrentEvent::class => 'onLeadGetCurrent',
          ];
      }

      public function onLeadGetCurrent(LeadGetCurrentEvent $event): void
      {
          $request = $event->getRequest();

          if (null === $request) {
              return;
          }

          // Skip last active logging for requests with a specific header
          if ($request->headers->has('X-Automated-Request')) {
              $event->skipContactLastActiveLogged();
          }
      }
  }

The ``LeadGetCurrentEvent`` provides the following methods:

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Method
     - Description
   * - ``getRequest()``
     - Returns the current HTTP request, or ``null`` if not available.
   * - ``getContact()``

>      - Returns the Contact that was set by a previous listener, or ``null``.

Reviewer: Use active instead of passive voice. See "was set".

   * - ``setContact(?Lead $contact)``
     - Sets the Contact to use for tracking.
   * - ``skipContactLastActiveLogged()``

>      - Prevents the Contact's 'last active' timestamp from being updated.

Reviewer: Use active instead of passive voice. See "being updated".

   * - ``isSkipContactLastActiveLogged()``

>      - Returns whether to skip the last active logging.

Reviewer: @promptless-for-oss HTTP is correctly capitalized here. Wrap this in Vale on/off statements.

```suggestion
.. vale off

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Method
     - Description
   * - ``getRequest()``
     - Returns the current HTTP request, or ``null`` if not available.
   * - ``getContact()``
     - Returns the Contact that a previous listener set, or ``null``.
   * - ``setContact(?Lead $contact)``
     - Sets the Contact to use for tracking.
   * - ``skipContactLastActiveLogged()``
     - Prevents Mautic from updating the Contact's 'last active' timestamp.
   * - ``isSkipContactLastActiveLogged()``
     - Returns whether to skip the last active logging.

.. vale on
```

>      - Returns whether the last active logging should be skipped.

Reviewer: Use active instead of passive voice. See "be skipped".

      }
  }

Skipping 'last active' logging
==============================

> When Mautic tracks a Contact, it automatically updates the Contact's 'last active' timestamp. You may want to prevent this update in several scenarios, such as when automated processes access pages or when you don't want tracking pixel loads to count as real User activity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. vale off

When Mautic tracks a Contact, it automatically updates the Contact's 'last active' timestamp. You may want to prevent this update in several scenarios, such as when automated processes access pages or when you don't want tracking pixel loads to count as real User activity.

.. vale on
```

@promptless-for-oss please address the suggestions

  {
      public static function getSubscribedEvents(): array
      {
          return [
              LeadGetCurrentEvent::class => 'onLeadGetCurrent',
          ];
      }

      public function onLeadGetCurrent(LeadGetCurrentEvent $event): void
      {
          $request = $event->getRequest();

          if (null === $request) {
              return;
          }

          // Skip last active logging for requests with a specific header
          if ($request->headers->has('X-Automated-Request')) {
              $event->skipContactLastActiveLogged();
          }
      }
  }

The ``LeadGetCurrentEvent`` provides the following methods:

.. vale off

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Method
     - Description
   * - ``getRequest()``
     - Returns the current HTTP request, or ``null`` if not available.
   * - ``getContact()``
     - Returns the Contact that a previous listener set, or ``null``.
   * - ``setContact(?Lead $contact)``
     - Sets the Contact to use for tracking.
   * - ``skipContactLastActiveLogged()``
     - Prevents Mautic from updating the Contact's 'last active' timestamp.
   * - ``isSkipContactLastActiveLogged()``

>      - Returns whether to skip the last active logging.

Reviewer: @promptless-for-oss beside this one, all 'last active' are in single quote. Do we need to wrap the last active here in single quote as well for consistency?
